# LLM---Detect-AI-Generated-Text
Builded a model to identify which essay was written by middle and high school students, and which was written using a large language model?

All of the essays were written in response to one of seven essay prompts. In each prompt, the students were instructed to read one or more source texts and then write a response. This same information may or may not have been provided as input to an LLM when generating an essay.

Essays from two of the prompts compose the training set; the remaining essays compose the hidden test set. Nearly all of the training set essays were written by students, with only a few generated essays given as examples. You may wish to generate more essays to use as training data.

Please note that this was a Code Competition. The data in test_essays.csv is only dummy data to help author for solutions.this example test data will be replaced with the full test set. There are about 9,000 essays in the test set, both student written and LLM generated.

File and Field Information
{test|train}_essays.csv
id - A unique identifier for each essay.
prompt_id - Identifies the prompt the essay was written in response to.
text - The essay text itself.
generated - Whether the essay was written by a student (0) or generated by an LLM (1). This field is the target and is not present in test_essays.csv.
train_prompts.csv - Essays were written in response to information in these fields.
prompt_id - A unique identifier for each prompt.
prompt_name - The title of the prompt.
instructions - The instructions given to students.
source_text - The text of the article(s) the essays were written in response to, in Markdown format. Significant paragraphs are enumerated by a numeral preceding the paragraph on the same line, as in 0 Paragraph one.\n\n1 Paragraph two.. Essays sometimes refer to a paragraph by its numeral. Each article is preceded with its title in a heading, like # Title. When an author is indicated, their name will be given in the title after by. Not all articles have authors indicated. An article may have subheadings indicated like ## Subheading.
sample_submission.csv - is submission file
